= google-safe-browsing-lookup

Google Safe Browsing Lookup v3.1 library for Ruby.

If you need to check less than 10,000 URLs a day against the Google Safe Browsing v3 API (http://code.google.com/apis/safebrowsing/), you can use the Lookup API (https://developers.google.com/safe-browsing/lookup_guide) as a lighter alternative to the more complex API (https://developers.google.com/safe-browsing/developers_guide_v3).

Google is now using a new client API key. You need to get your API key from Google at https://developers.google.com/safe-browsing/lookup_guide#GettingStarted

== Build and install google-safe-browsing-lookup

    git clone https://github.com/juliensobrier/google-safe-browsing-lookup-ruby
    rake build
    rake test
    rake install

Or

    gem install google-safe-browsing-lookup



== Contributing to google-safe-browsing-lookup
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2015 Julien Sobrier. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

